Cleanup root (#1603)
defenseunicorns/zarf: README.md

# Zarf - DevSecOps for Air Gap

[![Latest Release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/defenseunicorns/zarf)](https://github.com/defenseunicorns/zarf/releases)
[![Go version](https://img.shields.io/github/go-mod/go-version/defenseunicorns/zarf?filename=go.mod)](https://go.dev/)
[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/defenseunicorns/zarf/release.yml)](https://github.com/defenseunicorns/zarf/actions/workflows/release.yml)
[![Zarf Documentation Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/fe846ae4-25fb-4274-9968-90782640ee9f/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/zarf-docs/deploys)
[![OpenSSF Scorecard](https://api.securityscorecards.dev/projects/github.com/defenseunicorns/zarf/badge)](https://api.securityscorecards.dev/projects/github.com/defenseunicorns/zarf)

[![Zarf Website](https://img.shields.io/badge/web-zarf.dev-6d87c3)](https://zarf.dev/)
[![Zarf Documentation](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-docs.zarf.dev-775ba1)](https://docs.zarf.dev/)

> [![Zarf Slack Channel](https://img.shields.io/badge/k8s%20slack-zarf-40a3dd)](https://kubernetes.slack.com/archives/C03B6BJAUJ3)

Reviewer: Can we keep these on one line but maybe just with a `/` or other nice looking unicode char to separate them instead (they look a little lonely separated across two lines)

Author: IMO I prefer them separated, it keeps it cleaner + more color matched.

Reviewer: Hmm, can we try right aligning it (also @YrrepNoj if he has opinions)

Reviewer 2: I don't think I have strong opinions on this. I'd be fine with either approach.

Reviewer: But but you're the tie breaker...

<img align="right" alt="zarf logo" src=".images/zarf-logo.png"  height="256" />

Zarf eliminates the [complexity of air gap software delivery](https://www.itopstimes.com/contain/air-gap-kubernetes-considerations-for-running-cloud-native-applications-without-the-cloud/) for Kubernetes clusters and cloud-native workloads using a declarative packaging strategy to support DevSecOps in offline and semi-connected environments.

## 📦 Out of the Box Features

- Automate Kubernetes deployments in disconnected environments
- Automate [Software Bill of Materials (SBOM)](https://www.linuxfoundation.org/tools/the-state-of-software-bill-of-materials-sbom-and-cybersecurity-readiness/) generation
- Provide a [web dashboard](https://docs.zarf.dev/docs/dashboard-ui/sbom-dashboard) for viewing SBOM output

> - Sign packages and verify package signatures with [cosign](https://github.com/sigstore/cosign)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create and verify package signatures with [cosign](https://github.com/sigstore/cosign)
```

> - [Publish](https://docs.zarf.dev/docs/user-guide/the-zarf-cli/cli-commands/zarf_package_publish), [pull](https://docs.zarf.dev/docs/user-guide/the-zarf-cli/cli-commands/zarf_package_pull), and directly [deploy](https://docs.zarf.dev/docs/user-guide/the-zarf-cli/cli-commands/zarf_package_deploy) packages via an [OCI registry](https://opencontainers.org/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Publish](https://docs.zarf.dev/docs/user-guide/the-zarf-cli/cli-commands/zarf_package_publish), [pull](https://docs.zarf.dev/docs/user-guide/the-zarf-cli/cli-commands/zarf_package_pull), and [deploy](https://docs.zarf.dev/docs/user-guide/the-zarf-cli/cli-commands/zarf_package_deploy) packages from an [OCI registry](https://opencontainers.org/)
```

- Powerful component lifecycle [actions](https://docs.zarf.dev/docs/user-guide/component-actions)
- Deploy a new cluster while fully disconnected with [K3s](https://k3s.io/) or into any existing cluster using a [kube config](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/organize-cluster-access-kubeconfig/)
- Builtin logging stack with [Loki](https://grafana.com/oss/loki/)
- Builtin Git server with [Gitea](https://gitea.com/)
- Builtin Docker registry
- Builtin [K9s Dashboard](https://k9scli.io/) for managing a cluster from the terminal
- [Mutating Webhook](adr/0005-mutating-webhook.md) to automatically update Kubernetes pod's image path and pull secrets as well as [Flux Git Repository](https://fluxcd.io/docs/components/source/gitrepositories/) URLs and secret references
- Builtin [command to find images](https://docs.zarf.dev/docs/user-guide/the-zarf-cli/cli-commands/zarf_prepare_find-images) and resources from a Helm chart
- Tunneling capability to [connect to Kuberenetes resources](https://docs.zarf.dev/docs/user-guide/the-zarf-cli/cli-commands/zarf_connect) without network routing, DNS, TLS or Ingress configuration required

## 🛠️ Configurable Features

> - Customizable [variables and templating](examples/variables/README.md) with defaults and user prompting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Customizable [variables and package templates](examples/variables/README.md) with defaults and user prompting
```

- [Composable packages](https://docs.zarf.dev/docs/user-guide/zarf-packages/zarf-components#composing-package-components) to include multiple sub-packages/components

> - Component level OS/architecture filtering

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Component-level OS/architecture filtering
```
